## Application Structure Overview

### Introduction

This document serves to outline the folders making up WVSolutions, and outlining their purpose.

### wwwroot

This folder contains files and images, usually static data, that are served and rendered directly on the web page. Examples of data that are stored here include the various certificate templates, images, logos and css files.

### AppConfig

This folder contains configuration data necessary for the operation of the application. Data presented in these files are generally to be loaded from a properly formatted .json file before the application is started. Default values are provided and used otherwise

### Areas

This folder was generated by the Blazor template, and is used primarily for authorization/authentication purposes. Development is still pending in this region

### Engine

This folder contains the classes responsible for the heavy lifting and data processing that has been abstracted away from the components themselves.

### Hubs

This folder contains the SignalR Hubs that are used in this application. The two primary hubs are the DbHub, which facilitates communication between all clients to update state values whenever certain database operations are performed, and the ChatHub, which enables the functionality of the inter-client Chat feature

### Models

This folder contains the models corresponding to the database tables, with model attributes corresponding to the table columns. Certain files are appended with the word 'Partial' (e.g. InvoicePaymentPartial.cs), which contain partial definitions for the model files, usually including custom methods and attributes that are not contained in the database.

#### ViewModels

This folder contains processed models which may include data annotations for the purpose of data validation. Including these annotations in the original model file would result in them being overwritten whenever a database scaffold operation is performed.

### Pages

This folder contains every distinct page that is rendered by the application. Due to the nature of component-driven development being adopted for this project, most of these pages are simply specific combinations of components

### Resources

This folder contains some miscellaneous classes, including drivers and formatters necessary for printing labels, and the address api interface for populating building and street names

### Services

This folder contains the various services that perform database CRUD operations as well as some other custom functions (including the loading of associated objects)

### Shared

This folder contains files that are shared across various pages/views. While this mostly contains common visual elements (such as the Navigation Menu), it also notably includes the HubConnectionHandler, which listens for incoming SignalR messages

### Store

This folder contains the various Fluxor-based states that are used in this application. State management follows the Redux/Flux framework

